[3006][ADD] purchase_report_qweb_decimal_place (#8)
qrtl/fal-custom: purchase_report_qweb_decimal_place/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module provides the price unit format of purchase report depends on the choice of price_decimal_places in currency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides the option to adjust the price unit format (number of decimal places to apply)
of purchase report according to the configuration of price_decimal_places in currency.

This module depends on report_qweb_decimal_place module in OCA/reporting-engine.
```

> his module provides the option to adjust the price unit format (number of decimal places to apply)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides the option to adjust the price unit format (number of decimal places to apply)
```
